what happened what I have to tell is
that there's bad vibes between silver and
choca how do you stay there's bad vibes t
between silver and chocas incredible for
you and you noticed already in the
squid game something suspicious happened look at me he's
lost dude that myth cacho calloway
chocar sees it and ignores the
account he's going to eat the balls seeing
that chocar crashes into me and he choca
sends him to hell literally that boy
calloway because
he thought it was because of the bad joke I
mean surely he's realized that
chocas has sent him to hell you've
achieved it because he didn't want to give him fame
because chocas is on another step
okay of the hierarchy
ah
[Music]